Signed primitive integers (#13559)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/core/primitive.rst

The language of terms features 63-bit machine integers as values. The type of
such a value is *axiomatized*; it is declared through the following sentence
(excerpt from the :g:`PrimInt63` module):

.. coqdoc::

   Primitive int := #int63_type.

> This type can be understood as representing either unsigned or signed integeres,

Reviewer: integers

depending on which module is imported or, more generally, which scope is open.
:g:`Int63` and :g:`int63_scope` refer to the unsigned version, while :g:`Sint63`
and :g:`sint63_scope` refer to the signed one.

> The :g:`PrimInt63` module declares the available operators over this type.
> For instance, equality of two unsigned primitive integers can be decided using
> the :g:`Int63.eqb` function, declared and specified as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :g:`PrimInt63` module declares the available operators for this type.
For instance, equality of two unsigned primitive integers can be determined using
the :g:`Int63.eqb` function, declared and specified as follows:
```

   Axiom eqb_correct : forall i j, (i == j)%int63 = true -> i = j.

The complete set of such operators can be found in the :g:`PrimInt63` module.

> The specifications and notations reside in the :g:`Int63` and :g:`Sint63`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The specifications and notations are in the :g:`Int63` and :g:`Sint63`
```

Seems like the more common way to put this.
